Just after the Supreme Court decision banning our activity in Russia that that was given in April
The Finland branch committee wrote to the teaching committee and right away requested permission to arrange a convention for about
4,000 of our dear brothers from Russia
Well now quite coincidentally or perhaps not
Back in January, I was feeling a little bit tired and I have some good friends in Finland
And so we arranged to go to a convention together in the month of June. That was all approved back in January
Well, by coincidence, can you imagine it turned out to be the same weekend that this Russian convention was being planned for Finland
And so the teaching committee asked me if I'd be willing to serve this Russian convention instead of the finished one and of course I was delighted
Beds were needed for all of these 4,000 brothers. Well, can you imagine in just a short time
4,373 beds were offered in many cases the brothers had no place to house visitors
But what did they do? They called the branch and said we'll pay for a hotel room
We don't care who it's for put whoever you want there, but we want to pay the cost
So everyone was able to be accommodated
When the brothers arrived in Finland some had come from as far away as Vladivostok traveling some
6,000 miles if you can imagine to attend this convention
The brothers were at the train stations. They were at the airport to welcome all the guests
Now when the first brothers and sisters arrived at the convention venue
They asked well, where is the Russian section since they believed that this was a finished convention with Russian sessions
Well, when they were told that this convention had been organized just for them
They began immediately to cry. Can you imagine the joy that the brothers had when they were able to sing out with full voice
The singing was so so moving
Well, the peak attendance of the convention was 5,137 and
33 were baptized
Well during the convention the Finland branch committee arranged for the delegates to be able to tour Bethel and to allow as many as possible to come through
Bethel was
kept open until 8 p.m. on Thursday, Friday and Monday and also on Sunday evening from 6 p.m. until 8 p.m
And can you imagine during the day the kitchen arranged to feed all of the brothers and sisters who came through in the dining room
The love that was witnessed was amazing and although it's perhaps not their culture
Do you know the finished brothers hugged every single brother and sister that came through
Well, when it was a time to say goodbye the bond of love that had been established between the finish and the Russian brothers
Was just wonderful to say and although we all thought we would be crying to see them go back to Russia and the challenges there
You know, we just couldn't cry because the brothers were too happy about the convention
And there was no one saying poor me. They all went back with just a joyful spirit and it moved us
Well, just a few weeks later we had to return to Russia again for the appeal hearing at the Supreme Court
Most of you are aware of course that an international delegation of 18 brothers were present in the courtroom for the hearing
But perhaps this last part of the story you haven't heard
World headquarters legal had explained to us that if the decision was negative
We would have to leave the country of Russia that same night
Well, of course we didn't know if the hearing would be just that one day or if it would stretch on for other days
So our only choice was to take all of our things with us to the court and if the decision came we would have to make immediate plans to leave Russia
Well, sure enough at 7 p.m
The negative decision was announced we had to leave Russia, but the problem was none of us had tickets
So what did we do? Well, we told the brothers just get in the vehicles and head for the airport while we were communicating with the World Headquarters travel desk
Well, thanks to the wonderful and very hard work of those wonderful brothers and sisters that work with the travel desk
About halfway to the airport. I began to receive the tickets for all 18 brothers via email
By Jehovah's undeserved kindness all 18 brothers were able to get out on the same flight
Can you imagine the last flight out of Moscow and here we are just before 1 a.m
When we arrived in Riga Latvia we truly felt as though we had been picked up by Jehovah and safely carried out of Russia
Well all of the brothers and sisters that I met along the way on these
These trips wanted to send their warm Christian love and greetings to all of you and let them know that just as you're praying for them
They're also praying for you